We must not ask for the enemy's
support.
Therefore,
even if there is a lack of support,
we must not be in a hurry,
we must not be in a state of chaos,
but even if the enemy is angry,
there is a way to a resolution to its final victory.
This is the 120th Air Base Command,
we announce to all the 12 sides.
This is the big airla sutra of Hawaii and
message, the great reform of Marei and the,…
the clog in various sectors, such as the preparation of the 3 May Gl päu ancient
continent itself in the written south,
wereAB goal of the Red mentorship if the
Ambush me waters and waters to the big spirit some
By the great spirit of alleged hero
There should be no displeasure orución
I rely upon your efforts as prosperity warriors
That you have the world's pride
We obtained the title of general...
We continue unbedingt to learn about the duty to share the honor of not building theastics.
Althoughuing, my Bulletkit is as